Problem Statement : Book one way outstation cab and display the lowest charges
1. From Delhi to Manali, himachal Pradesh.
2. Pick up from Delhi at 6.30 AM on 23rd Dec 2019
3. Car type should be SUV.
(Suggested Site: Makemytrip however  you are free to choose any other legitimate  site)
Detailed Description: Hackath Ideas
1. Book one way outstation cab, From Delhi to Manali, himachal Pradesh, give future date & time & Car type should be SUV; Display the lowest charges
2. Find Group Gifting in Gift Cards, fill card details & give invalid email; capture & display the error message
3. On the Hotel booking page, extract all the numbers for Adult persons and store in a List; Display the same
(Suggested Site: makemytrip.com however  you are free to choose any other legitimate site)
Key Automation Scope
Handling alerts
Filling simple form, Capture warning message
Scrolling down in web page
Extract drop down items & store in collections
Navigation from Menus
Navigating back to home page

This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient(s), please reply to the sender and destroy all copies of the original message. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this email, and/or any action taken in reliance on the contents of this e-mail is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. Where permitted by applicable law, this e-mail and other e-mail communications sent to and from Cognizant e-mail addresses may be monitored. This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient(s), please reply to the sender and destroy all copies of the original message. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this email, and/or any action taken in reliance on the contents of this e-mail is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. Where permitted by applicable law, this e-mail and other e-mail communications sent to and from Cognizant e-mail addresses may be monitored.